Add a discarded field to JSContext (#977)
browserengineering/book: book/scheduling.md

can't be accessed by another thread, so the lock does not need to be
held while the task is running.

The `setTimeout` code is now thread-safe, but still has yet another bug: if we
navigate from one page to another, `setTimeout` callbacks still pending on the

> previous page eshouldn't do anything. That is easily fixed by adding a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previous page might still try to execute. That is easily prevented by adding a
```

`discarded` field on `JSContext` and setting it when loading a new page:

``` {.python}
class JSContext:
    def __init__(self, tab):
        # ...

>         self.discarded = False

Reviewer: Wait, don't we also need to check `discarded` in `dispatch_setTimeout`? I think that's the whole point!

```

``` {.python}
class Tab:
    def load(self, url, payload=None):
        # ...
        if self.js:

>             self.js.discarded = True

Reviewer: I would do this on one line but whatever, up to you

>         self.js = JSContext(self)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        self.js = JSContext(self)
        # ...
```

        self, method, url, body, isasync, handle):
        # ...
        def run_load():

>             if self.discarded: return

Reviewer: I don't think we need / want this here. This is possibly run on another thread, so ideally shouldn't read `self.discarded`. (By the way, pre-existing bug! We should save `self.tab.url` outside `run_load` to avoid cross-thread reads / to avoid a security bug if you navigate before the request thread runs?) And actually issuing the request is probably safe, since the `send` was in fact executed...
